COLIN PARSONS CONFIDENTIAL
Unpublished Copyright (c) 2020 Colin Parsons. All rights reserved.

NOTICE: All information contained herein is, and remains the property of Colin Parsons. The intellectual and technical concepts contained herein are proprietary to Colin Parsons and may be covered by U.S. and Foreign Patents, patents in process, and are protected by trade secret or copyright law. Dissemination of this information or reproduction of this material is strictly forbidden unless prior written permission is obtained from Colin Parsons. Access to the source code contained herein is hereby forbidden to anyone except Colin Parsons and anyone who has signed Confidentiality and Non-disclosure agreements with Colin Parsons explicitly covering such access. This applies to all files in this repository, except, of course, third-party libraries, most of which have their own licenses. Those licenses can typically be found in their source code in various repositories on GitHub.

The copyright notice above does not evidence any actual or intended publication or disclosure of this source code, which includes information that is confidential and/or proprietary, and is a trade secret, of Colin Parsons. ANY REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION, DISTRIBUTION, PUBLIC PERFORMANCE, OR PUBLIC DISPLAY OF OR THROUGH USE OF THIS SOURCE CODE WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF COLIN PARSONS IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED, AND IN VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL TREATIES. THE RECEIPT OR POSSESSION OF THIS SOURCE CODE AND/OR RELATED INFORMATION DOES NOT CONVEY OR IMPLY ANY RIGHTS TO REPRODUCE, DISCLOSE OR DISTRIBUTE ITS CONTENTS, OR TO MANUFACTURE, USE, OR SELL ANYTHING THAT IT MAY DESCRIBE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART.

Even if written permission is granted permitting access to this software, the following conditions must be met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
- Neither the name of Colin Parsons nor the names of any contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ANUARY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
